Upgrade to Go 1.15 (#18024)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Upgraded to Go 1.15
> 
>   **IMPORTANT** This may break AWS RDS database connections with older x509 certificates. Please follow the Amazon [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL-certificate-rotation.html) to rotate your certificate.

Reviewer: I think making it one line that contains all the information might be better, but not a blocker:

```suggestion
**IMPORTANT** Sourcegraph now uses Go 1.15. This may break AWS RDS database connections with older x509 certificates. Please follow the Amazon [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL-certificate-rotation.html) to rotate your certificate.
```

- Alert solutions links included in [monitoring alerts](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/observability/alerting) now link to the relevant documentation version. [#17828](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17828)
- Secrets (such as access tokens and passwords) will now appear as REDACTED when editing external service config, and in graphql API responses. [#17261](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/17261)

> - Sourcegraph is now built with Go 1.15.0.

Reviewer 2: @daxmc99 go is now on `go1.15.8`. Should we not ensure we are building with that (and say we are if we include the patch num)?

Author: We should! I was trying to keep everything in the docs scoped to `1.15`. I'll open another PR to fix this
